Create rule S6930: Backslash should be avoided in route templates (#3662)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6930/description.adoc

> Backslash characters (`\`) should be avoided in https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.mvc.routeattribute[`RouteAttribute`] templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backslash characters (`\`) should be avoided in https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/routing?view=aspnetcore-8.0#route-templates[route templates].
```

Reviewer 2: Why should we change the URL to a fixed version?
During LaYC sprint we said we want to avoid fix version and go to latest.

Reviewer 2: Oh I missed that. Makes sense, given the change of title. I have made the change.
